hey there Jay this is my first car I got
this car when I was about 15 and at that
point in time it was pretty much a
rolling shell
it was lovely 90s blue color and it was
a project somewhat abandoned so was all
painted but it was kind of badly painted
and the paint was starting to
deteriorate because it hadn't been
touched since judging by the color since
the 90s so why we repainted it I
shouldn't say I did not repaint it my
brother and his friend did because I was
too old
16 year old lazy as ever so they helped
me out with that they painted it for me
and then after that it really started to
coming together and that the rest I did
I did together so I'll show you around
the car so here's the car it's a 1973
Super Beetle um it's lowered obviously
these wheels are off a later Porsche you
know a 911 or a 944 or something like
that their Fuchs forged aluminum 16 inch
wheels
16 by 7 in the front 16 by 8 in the back
if I remember correctly and we have disc
brakes up front and improved smaller
diameter coil overs in the front because
the super butyl of course has McPherson
strut front suspension and those smaller
coil overs allow us to fit the wider
wheel in the front see let's go to the
back go to the business end this thing
is powered by a 23 32 cc engine with
dual Weber's 48 I TAS I did not build
this engine we bought it used but it was
built by Kim Jansen in California and it
runs great
I've just had some
problems like them things coming loose
and whatnot I've had to deal with other
than that makes a bunch of power and
what that's a bunch of fun and that
motor is feeding through a Rancho
rebuild the original transmission
rebuilt by Rancho for a little bit more
durability a other thing to mention I'm
in Alaska
which sucks in the winter but right now
can't complain
it's gorgeous so here's what it looks
like inside
pretty much factory interior
reupholstered I did I bought seat covers
and recovered the seats and carpet and
everything myself original - I was lucky
not to have too many cracks there's just
one and the factory radio looks at home
but it's actually just a dummy radio I
have an amplifier with a couple speakers
behind the back seat all right now I've
got the passenger seat removed because
I've got a gig to go to and I work at a
recording studio and play some music as
well but uh there's the back seat that's
what she looks like inside of course we
got the big tachometer here for the 2330
to keep an eye on it and it looks like
in there doors close nice because of
course it's VW so this is my little
special touch on the car this decklid is
off of 67 and usually the late model
cars have a deck lit and higher because
the bumpers sat up higher for safety
regulations which made the cars look
really silly and fat and so what I did
is I went to the 67 deck lid which has a
similar shape with the squared off
bottom as the earth as the later ones
but then I lowered the bumper to clear
it and so that it looks so it still has
the nice long line that the beetle was
intended to have Wow not looking wrong
or back Dave
and then the 68 lights are also a
similar thing because the 73 had
gigantic tail lights that look
ridiculous so that's my 73 Super Beetle
this was literally my first car before I
had daily driver I had a project and
that's that